GLPI 10.0 compatibility (#87)
pluginsGLPI/sccm: README.md

![GLPISCCMPluginSchema](screenshots/sccm.png "sccm")

Plugin to synchronize computers from SCCM (version 1802) to GLPI.

### Workflow

* The plugin integrates two automatic actions : "SCCMCollect" et "SCCMPush".
* The automatic action "SCCMCollect" queries the SCCM server with MsSQL queries.

> * This same action builds an XML foreach computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This same action builds an XML file for each computer.
```

> * The automatic action "SCCMPush" injects XML files into GLPI native inventory over HTTP(s) (via cURL) to display computer in GLPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The automatic action "SCCMPush" injects XML files into the GLPI native inventory over HTTP(s) (via cURL) to display computers in GLPI.
```
